CNV#30165: Updated hot plug NIC docs (#71247)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-hot-unplugging-bridge-network-interface-cli.adoc

.Procedure

> . Hot unplug a secondary network interface by setting the interface state to `absent` in the VM specification. This detaches the network interface from the guest, but the interface still exists in the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To hot unplug a secondary network interface, set the interface state to `absent` in the VM specification:
```

> +

Reviewer 2: Again - `oc edit vm` is required.

.Example VM configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachine
metadata:
  name: vm-fedora
template:
  spec:
    domain:
      devices:
        interfaces:
          - name: defaultnetwork
            masquerade: {}
          # set the interface state to absent 
          - name: <secondary_nic>
            state: absent <1>
            bridge: {}
    networks:
      - name: defaultnetwork
        pod: {}
      - name: <secondary_nic>
        multus:
          networkName: <nad_name>
# ...
----

> <1> Set the interface state to `absent`.

Reviewer 3: I would also mention that removing the interface from the spec wouldn't cause hot-unplug.
`Set the interface state to `absent` (removing the interface from the spec wouldn't cause hot-unplug)`

Author: @AlonaKaplan In step 1 of this procedure, I have mentioned "This detaches the network interface from the guest, but the interface still exists in the pod." Do you want me to add that sentence to the callout <1> description as well?

Reviewer 3: I just want to emphasize that only marking the interface as absent will detach the interface from a running guest.
Removing the interface completely for the spec won't do it.

> <1> Set the interface state to `absent` to detach it from the running VM. Simply removing the interface details from the VM specification does not hot unplug the secondary network interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Set the interface state to `absent` to detach it from the running VM. Removing the interface details from the VM specification does not hot unplug the secondary network interface.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This detaches the network interface from the guest, but the interface still exists in the pod.
```
